docs: improve SSP documentation (#576)
kubevirt/ssp-operator: docs/installation.md

# Installation

## Table Of Contents

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Hyperconverged Cluster Operator (HCO) Installation](#hyperconverged-cluster-operator-hco-installation)
- [Manually Installation](#manually-installation)
- [Building](#building)

## Requirements

> SSP operator requires an OpenShift cluster in order to deliver complete functionality.

Reviewer: Running it on Kubernetes with a reduced set of features is still possible though.

Author: Yes, but it doesn't deliver complete functionality.

for successful deployment across different Kubernetes distributions.

### OpenShift

| Resource Type / CRD                                                     | Needed By                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `dataimportcrons.cdi.kubevirt.io`                                       | `data-sources` operand (Kind `DataImportCron`)                            |
| `datavolumes.cdi.kubevirt.io/v1beta1`                                   | `data-sources` operand (Kind `DataVolume` and `DataVolumeSource`)         |
| `datasources.cdi.kubevirt.io/v1beta1`                                   | `data-sources` operand (Kind `DataSource`)                                |
| `prometheusrules.monitoring.coreos.com`                                 | `metrics` operand (Kind `PrometheusRule`)                                 |
| `template.openshift.io/v1`                                              | `common-templates` operand (Kind `Template`)                              |

> | `virtualmachineclusterinstancetypes.instancetypes.kubevirt.io/v1alpha2` | `common-instancetypes` operand (Kind `VirtualMachineClusterInstancetype`) |

Reviewer 2: nit - These `instancetype.kubevirt.io` resources should be `instancetype.kubevirt.io/v1beta1`, happy to fix in a follow up or for you to do it here if you need to amend this PR.

Author: Done.

### Kubernetes

| Resource Type / CRD                                                     | Needed By                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `virtualmachineclusterinstancetypes.instancetypes.kubevirt.io/v1alpha2` | `common-instancetypes` operand (Kind `VirtualMachineClusterInstancetype`) |
| `virtualmachineclusterpreferences.instancetypes.kubevirt.io/v1alpha2`   | `common-instancetypes` operand (Kind `VirtualMachineClusterPreference`)   |
| `pipelines.tekton.dev`                                                  | `tekton-pipelines` operand (Kind `Pipeline`)                              |
| `tasks.tekton.dev`                                                      | `tekton-tasks` operand (Kind `Task`)                                      |
| `virtualMachine.kubevirt.io`                                            | `vm-controller` operand (Kind `VirtualMachine`)                           |

## <a name="hco-installation"></a> Hyperconverged Cluster Operator (HCO) Installation

> This operator is typically deployed and controlled by

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The SSP operator is typically deployed and controlled by
```

[Hyperconverged Cluster Operator](https://github.com/kubevirt/hyperconverged-cluster-operator)
automatically.

## <a name="manually-installation"></a> Manually Installation

This operator can be installed manually by applying the file `ssp-operator.yaml`
from GitHub repository releases:
```shell

> oc apply -f ssp-operator.yaml

Reviewer 2: nit - I don't think this is helpful given the following commands.

Author: Yep, removed.

```

To install the latest released version, the following commands can be used:
```shell
export SSP_VERSION=$(curl https://api.github.com/repos/kubevirt/ssp-operator/releases/latest | jq '.name' | tr -d '"')
oc apply -f https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator/releases/download/${SSP_VERSION}/ssp-operator.yaml
```

> To activate the operator, you will need to create a Custom Resource (CR).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To activate the SSP operator, you will need to create a Custom Resource (CR).
```
